"The wound is the place where the Light enters you." - Rumi
"You were born with wings, why prefer to crawl through life?" - Rumi
"Beauty surrounds us, but usually we need to be walking in a garden to know it." - Rumi
"The world is a mountain, in which your words are echoed back to you." - Rumi
"Do not grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form." - Rumi
"Now is the time to unite the soul and the world. Now is the time to see the sunlight dancing as one with the shadows." - Rumi
"Be like a tree and let the dead leaves drop." - Rumi
"Raise your words, not your voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder." - Rumi
"Do not feel lonely, the entire universe is inside of you." - Rumi
"What you seek is seeking you." - Rumi
"Achieve some perfection yourself, so that you may not fall into sorrow by seeing the perfection in others." - Rumi
"Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself." - Rumi
"Why should I be unhappy? Every parcel of my being is in full bloom." - Rumi
"Find the sweetness in your own heart, then you may find the sweetness in every heart." - Rumi
"Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning." - Albert Einstein 
"We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them." - Albert Einstein 
"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." - Albert Einstein 
"Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better." - Albert Einstein 
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." - Albert Einstein 
"Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous." - Albert Einstein 
"I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones." - Albert Einstein
"Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding." - Albert Einstein 
"We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them." - Albert Einstein 
"Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one." - Albert Einstein
"You can't blame gravity for falling in love." - Albert Einstein 
"No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it." - Albert Einstein 
"The world is a dangerous place to live; not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it." - Albert Einstein 
"Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein 
"Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions." - Albert Einstein 
"Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile." - Albert Einstein 
"The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once." - Albert Einstein 
"Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school." - Albert Einstein
"Make the best of every moment. We’re not evolving. We’re not going anywhere." - David Bowie
"I find only freedom in the realms of eccentricity." - David Bowie
"I think fame itself is not a rewarding thing. The most you can say is that it gets you a seat in restaurants." - David Bowie
"I’m not a prophet or a stone aged man, just a mortal with potential of a superman. I’m living on." - David Bowie
"I don’t know where I’m going from here, but I promise it won’t be boring." - David Bowie
"Don’t rush anything. When the time is right, it’ll happen." - Buddha
"In separateness lies the world’s greatest misery; in compassion lies the world’s true strength." - Buddha
"Live every act fully, as if it were your last." - Buddha
"One moment can change a day, one day can change a life, and one life can change the world." - Buddha
"She who knows life flows, feels no wear or tear, needs no mending or repair." - Buddha
"It is a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways." - Buddha
"If anything is worth doing, do it with all your heart." - Buddha
"I am the miracle." - Buddha
"Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely." - Buddha
"Nothing can harm you as much as your own thoughts unguarded." - Buddha
"Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth." - Buddha
"You could not step twice into the same river." — Heraclitus
"We have two ears and one mouth, so we should listen more than we speak." — Zeno of Citium
"Fate guides the willing, but drags the unwilling." — Cleanthes
"There could be no justice, unless there were also injustice; no courage, unless there were cowardice; no truth, unless there were falsehood." — Chrysippus
"Let your desires be ruled by reason." — Cicero
"I begin to speak only when I’m certain what I’ll say isn’t better left unsaid." — Cato the Younger
"We suffer more often in imagination than in reality." — Seneca
"If you accomplish something good with hard work, the labor passes quickly, but the good endures; if you do something shameful in pursuit of pleasure, the pleasure passes quickly, but the shame endures." — Musonius Rufus
"Men are disturbed not by things but by the principles and notions which they form concerning things." — Epictetus
"You have power over your mind — not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength." — Marcus Aurelius
“Our own self-realization is the greatest service we can render the world”  - Ramana Maharshi
“Silence is also conversation”  - Ramana Maharshi
“Every moment there is creation, every moment destruction. There is no absolute creation, no absolute destruction. Both are movement, and that is eternal” - Ramana Maharshi
“We all want to be famous people, and the moment we want to be something we are no longer free“- Jiddu Khrisnamurti
“Learn as if you will live forever, live like you will die tomorrow.” — Mahatma Gandhi
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." — Winston S. Churchill
“ The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.” – Lao Tzu
“The wound is the place where the light enters you.”– Rumi
“Within you is the light of a thousand suns.” – Robert Adams
“The best way to heal a broken heart is to use it for compassion.”– Unknown
“You are not a drop in the ocean. You are the entire ocean in a drop.” – Rumi
“The mind is everything. What you think, you become.” – Buddha
“Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.” – Buddha
“You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you.” – Brian Tracy
“The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.” – Hubert H. Humphrey
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“Healing the body without healing the soul is like painting over rust.” – Gloria Akuffo
